README.md, before:

# Onslaught
Onslaught is a 2D horde/wave-style game currently in progress that will eventually have multiplayer arena gameplay (1v1, 2v2, etc) as well.

There is character progression via leveling to a max level currently set at 50, and there will soon be items in the game that can be obtained for the character to equip to get better stats -- useful for progression and PvP.

Like any horde/wave-style game, the rounds get harder as you progress.  Here, the enemies' health pools and the total amount of enemies gets larger every round.  Players can still progress and level up their characters even if they fail a round (die) -- I've made it to where the player gets experience at the end of rounds, either by winning or dying and the round ending early, based on how many enemies were killed.  If the player wins the round, he/she gets a bonus amount of experience for winning the round.  So, even if you lose a round, you can still get experience for killing enemies and eventually level up, giving you increased stats to help beat the round.

Spells are not yet implemented, but they are coming, as well as a talent system.  There are currently only 4 spells slots, so only 4 spells can be used by the player at any time.  However, there will be many spells options per class, and the player will have the opportunity to swap out spells how they deem fit, allowing for more customization and strategy of choosing which spells might be best in certain situations -- this might be more helpful in PvP, but it's available for single-player progression mode as well.


All assets and sprite images used currently are from KennyNL (https://www.kenney.nl/), free to use.

Commit message:

Add screenshots and remove Spells class since we aren't using currently

README.md, after:

# Onslaught
Onslaught is a 2D horde/wave-style game that I wanted to bring to fruition.  No game engines were used - it is coded solely in Python using the Arcade library.

There is character progression via leveling to a max level currently set at 50, and there will soon be items in the game that can be obtained for the character to equip to get better stats -- useful for progression and PvP.

Like any horde/wave-style game, the rounds get harder as you progress.  Here, the enemies' health pools and the total amount of enemies gets larger every round.  Players can still progress and level up their characters even if they fail a round (die) -- I've made it to where the player gets experience at the end of rounds, either by winning or dying and the round ending early, based on how many enemies were killed.  If the player wins the round, he/she gets a bonus amount of experience for winning the round.  So, even if you lose a round, you can still get experience for killing enemies and eventually level up, giving you increased stats to help beat the round.

There are currently only 4 spells slots, so only 4 spells can be used by the player at any time.  However, there will be many spells options per class, and the player will have the opportunity to swap out spells how they deem fit, allowing for more customization and strategy of choosing which spells might be best in certain situations -- this might be more helpful in PvP, but it's available for single-player progression mode as well.


All assets and sprite images used currently are from KennyNL (https://www.kenney.nl/), free to use.
